# Finite State Machine Model
 
## How do I use this?
 - It's not done yet, but can be used for making some Finite State Machines and doing basic operations on them, so make sure you have GraphViz downloaded so that, on start-up, you can provide the directory to graphviz/bin/dot.exe for the program to be able to make its diagrams.
 - To run this program, find the 'Finite State Machine Model.jar' file and run it (it's basically an .exe); this will ask you to configure its graphviz reference and make some folders to hold the FSMs you generate.
 - The program is split into two halves, the left being to manipulate the currently selected FSM and the right being to display the current affected FSM, allowing you to navigate around it and zoom in. Graphviz generates images, so there is not currently touch-interactivity, I have been thinking about how to do that and fearing the day I start trying.
 - There are three pages for manipulations, the first being to simply edit or generate the current FSM, the second to perform some simple manipulations (product, other ones), and the third page being for experimental UStructure generation and analysis. It's a research program implementing a body of theory that usually stays theory, so lot's of experimental stuff here but hopefully this'll be very useful once it's done.
 - That's about it, I'm planning on writing specific tutorials for each page but a lot of other development goals are gonna come first to make it something that people *want* to use before making it something that's *nice* to use; hopefully that interim period is very short.

This program exists as a research tool, but if it's useful to what you're doing then totes use it! It is in active development (but, like, whenever I get around to it) and is currently undergoing some major back-end upheaval while I sort things out and clean it up. It should still be usable in its current state, and I would appreciate any feedback or comments on it so that I can make it a better program to use, but it may take a bit for the update to be released. It's a really big mess right now, I'll clean it up soon I promise. (I made a really complicated GUI support thing that I want to pull out into my SVI graphics library, so it's in the middle of that process right now).
